let's get real all countries produce
fake statistics they want to make their
country look better than it is the
politicians and bankers collude together
to take our money lose it and then have
the audacity to tell us that we need to
hand over more it's pretty funny until
they come back a few years later doing
it all over again
fake stats are used because everything
is contrived everything is a bunch of
knockoffs of something that used to be
the real thing you came here for the
truth let's get into this today talking
about China and then connecting that
into a few other issues beginning with
China's exports you could see right here
that it seemed like there was going to
be a recovery however things have taken
a turn for the worse the first part of
the recovery seems like it will be an
actual recovery and then essentially it
tapers off euro dollar expansion pushes
China's economic miracle and I would
show you a few things here today that
will perhaps change your mind on what
has happened in China I'm not suggesting
that China isn't going to grow in the
future you can expect China to grow
that's a fact
they are just positioned well enough
however there are going to be many bumps
along the way I do see however their
appetite for commodities their ability
to export they're opening and expansion
of the markets and the actual movement
of individuals from the rural areas into
the cities these are all bullish for
China in the long term but you can see
that this economic expansion that has
taken place has run out of gas to some
degree more so though then let's compare
that to for example Europe they're
obviously growing better than Europe is
perhaps for the foreseeable future but
it doesn't mean that China's on its own
scale isn't suffering to some degree
look at this
there are many ghost cities within China
that are either completely empty or they
have some people there but the scale of
the city compared to the actual
population of it is just completely out
of whack and so what I would suggest you
do is go to YouTube I'll put these links
in in the description if you'd like
however just go to youtube and type in
ghost cities china and you will get the
video don't look for the pictures just
look for the video you can see people
actually walking around with their
camera and showing you around some of
them that have been claimed to be ghost
cities are not in fact ghost cities you
can see there's you know quite a few
people there I do believe that they're
expecting a lot more perhaps you know
triple or quadruple the amount of people
that are currently there but there's
people there it's not completely empty
however there are some cities that are
empty and you can see these people
walking around they're literally like
opening up houses and walking inside and
businesses and things so check that on
YouTube for sure and I think is very
important these are the different ones
different just a couple different videos
you can see for yourself
I've seen people walk literally walking
into houses that are just abandoned you
could see the construction that was
abandoned literally looked like they
were just kicked off the job and that's
it they were told to go home and never
came back
right in the middle of some construction
efforts so we don't know exactly what's
going to happen there I do however
believe it will take a quite a long time
for these empty cities to fill up look
at just situations like the massive
massive subdivision subdivisions that
were created in areas of Nevada outside
of Las Vegas you can see that
look at the serious vacancy rates that
are in Florida there's a tip for you by
the way if you want to know if they are
perhaps headed for a real estate crash
in the US you can look to Florida
Florida's always seen as an indicator
because it's typically recognized as
being a vacation place so people are
going to sell or walk away from their
home in Florida prior to their main home
or or maybe they live out of the country
or what-have-you but you can see that
that is a fact so this whole article
here I won't talk to you completely
about it but essentially this is
discussing the stake numbers that are
coming out of China and then they go
through the fact is the Financial Times
going through the fact that yes they had
one confirm area of China that was
staking their numbers they suggested yes
this is a fact we do this we've been
doing this for years and we've been
boosting the numbers however upon closer
expect inspection you can see that
actually is more than just one area and
the Financial Times covers that here I
think it's important because the fact
that we're told consistently that China
is never going to receive what we had in
Europe and in North America and other
places I simply don't agree with that
and this is really telling to show that
admittedly they are faking the numbers
they fake the numbers everywhere we know
that about the US you know that over
Europe and now we have the same
situation admitted in China so it was
expected to happen like this but they
will not support taking up the bill
repealing and replacing Obamacare
effectively a blocked legislation the
Republicans in the Senate are well short
of having the support to pass their
legislation raises serious questions
about whether Trump will reach his goal
of ending Obamacare Obamacare staying
for now let's just make it very clear
no no individual I guess doesn't really
want to have the sort of politics that
goes beyond behind-the-scenes with this
this is not something that would look
good on many individuals that are you
know the politicians and everyone else
involved they don't want to have
anything to do with this it doesn't look
good for them now I don't agree with
Obamacare necessarily I think it's a bad
system I think any system that people
are forced upon is a bad idea
however that's the system that they've
tried to put in place so what I see here
is just kicking the can down the road
they're going to have to fight back and
forth and back and forth and I don't
know what's going to happen but
ultimately it's just a game of cat and
mouse
Italy plots the nuclear option to send
migrants north check the self senior
Italian government figures have
threatened to allow 200,000 migrants who
have reached its shores to travel across
Europe by exploiting a little-known
Brussels directive and the country
struggles as the people are coming from
Africa essentially what they'll do is
give them temporary EU visas so if
they're not going to be helped out look
if you're not going to take some of
these refugees we're going to give them
temporary EU visas and you can deal with
them because ultimately you know there
were individuals that were stuck in Lake
Como a northern part of Italy where at
borders with Switzerland they got stuck
there and why because they simply wanted
to go to Switzerland but Switzerland
shut the border and they were stuck
there so in a very small town they had
hundreds and hundreds and I think I
expanded into thousands but anyway of
these migrants coming through that town
can support them and there are many more
towns like that where they simply want
to make their way through Italy but they
are blocked being blocked on all borders
now and so it's really
you know become a big problem for Italy
who simply can support the amount of
migrants that are coming through now in
Oregon a state known for its avid
bicycling culture the state legislature
approval of the first bike tax in the
nation has fallen flat with riders so
that's they're going to basically tax
biking okay so this is the way it works
you have a problem maybe it's a
shortfall of money coming in what do you
do well you increase taxation that's
what they believe is the solution in all
cases every single time there's a
problem put a tax on it
oh you're polluting the environment
we'll put a tax on it oh you're going to
drive on the roads we'll put a tax on
that you want to buy something at the
store tax it just goes on everything is
a tax but where does all this money go
you tell me it's temporary at the
beginning and then it just continues on
and on the same thing happened on
Ontario here you look at these type of
taxes that are supposedly temporary
never happens give it up if they put in
a tax chances are it's going to continue
they hide the taxes they say we're going
to bring down your taxes that's
impossible they don't bring the taxes
they simply put them somewhere else they
can hide them onto the future push them
onto your children ultimately taxes
bring in money they need more and more
money you don't ever see deleveraging
doesn't exist tech may replace half of
all low skilled jobs in the US so I'm
going to talk about all the time what
they're saying here is automation is
likely to replace half of all the low
skilled jobs roughly one in four of all
American jobs are at risk from foreign
competition in the coming years and that
foreign competition too is being
replaced by robotics and we can see that
in China where you I've covered it here
anyway let's just move on this
individual now a lot of people keep
dying
every time they try to get a little too
close to the clintons ever whine and
probably butcher that name but was due
to appear next Tuesday before the
Haitian Senate ethics and
anti-corruption Commission where he was
widely expected to testify at the
Clinton Foundation misappropriated the
Haiti earthquake da noise donations from
the international donors so here he is
he's ready to testify he's come out and
suggested that in fact he fears for his
life and this individual what happened
to him well look at this
oh you guess that former Haiti
government official shoots himself in
the head in a Miami area hotel shoots
himself in the head
maybe it's real I don't know I just
it happens all time all the time an
individual says I'm very close to
releasing information this is going to
happen I'm going to just do this or that
and then they get Breitbart egde and
that's the way it works you get killed
if you have some information and you
don't bring it out publicly right away
and share everything you know that's the
only way to be sure nothing will happen
if you say in the future I'm going to
release some information in between that
announcement and in between the release
of the information you will die they
will cover up your death they will shoot
you three times in the head and tell you
tell the public that it's a suicide it's
just the way it is this is yet another
individual whose loss is life most
likely as a result of his claims well
sue before and after in these satellite
images now if you want to see something
it's it's really painful to look at in
fact but it's amazing in a different way
in a bad way
you can see what has happened to misil
all the war all the destruction and
guess what the bankers are laughing all
the way to the bank anyway they are
making a killing central bankers all of
the finance ears those who are behind
this system have been funding all sides
of all wars for as far back as I seem
throughout history at least for the last
couple hundred years and you'll know
that they love chaos they love it it's
very profitable for them so what I
suggest you do if you're interested in
seeing the images here you can see
there's satellite high-def images just
go to a search engine type in foreign
policy that's the name of this website
here and then type in Mosul before and
after and you will get this the links
were all always in the description but
if you just want to search it quickly
just go to foreign policy mo school
before and after it's quite bad to see
the way this is all unfolded there this
is just one example of a country that
has been really destroyed Iraq you know
doesn't matter Afghanistan look at Yemen
I mean maybe they weren't necessarily
first world developed nations but
they're a hell of a lot worse today than
they have ever been
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative so you'll
definitely want to check those out at
Amazon the links are in the description
below the first book is able to four as
a class is amount of profit from it
whereas my new book takes on the
familiar concepts but I get into things
like self sufficiency
solar panels and that sort of thing so
you can check that out as I said take
care